OSDOCS-3160: Console optional capability (#53899)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/console-operator.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// *  operators/operator-reference.adoc
// *  post_installation_configuration/cluster-capabilities.adoc

// operators/operator-reference.adoc
ifeval::["{context}" == "cluster-operators-ref"]
:operator-ref:
endif::[]

// post_installation_configuration/cluster-capabilities.adoc
ifeval::["{context}" == "cluster-capabilities"]
:cluster-caps:
endif::[]

[id="console-operator_{context}"]

> = Console Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ifdef::operator-ref[= Console Operator]
ifdef::cluster-caps[= Web console capability]
```
similar to Michael's PR, the title will show up slightly differently in the Operator reference page vs. the Cluster capabilities page(s).

ifdef::operator-ref[]

[NOTE]
====
The Console Operator is an optional cluster capability that can be disabled by cluster administrators during installation. If you disable the Console Operator at installation, you will still have a supported and upgradable cluster. For more information about optional cluster capabilities, see "Cluster capabilities" in _Post-installation configuration_.
====

endif::operator-ref[]

[discrete]
== Purpose

The Console Operator installs and maintains the {product-title} web console on a cluster. The Console Operator is installed by default and will automatically maintain a console.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ifdef::cluster-caps[]

Add any relevant information here about what side-effects or considerations the customer should consider if they disable this capability during installation.

endif::cluster-caps[]
```

Suggestion for additional content

//
// *  operators/operator-reference.adoc

// operators/operator-reference.adoc
ifeval::["{context}" == "cluster-operators-ref"]
:operator-ref:
endif::[]

[id="console-operator_{context}"]
ifdef::operator-ref[= Console Operator]

ifdef::operator-ref[]

[NOTE]
====

> The Console Operator is an optional cluster capability that can be disabled by cluster administrators during installation. If you disable the Console Operator at installation, you will still have a supported and upgradable cluster. For more information about optional cluster capabilities, see "Cluster capabilities" in _Post-installation configuration_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Console Operator is an optional cluster capability that can be disabled by cluster administrators during installation. If you disable the Console Operator at installation, your cluster is still supported and upgradable. For more information about optional cluster capabilities, see "Cluster capabilities" in _Post-installation configuration_.
```

====

endif::operator-ref[]

[discrete]
== Purpose

> The Console Operator installs and maintains the {product-title} web console on a cluster. The Console Operator is installed by default and will automatically maintain a console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Console Operator installs and maintains the {product-title} web console on a cluster. The Console Operator is installed by default and automatically maintains a console.
```
